Update updates.rst (#16)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: updates.rst

NethSecurity uses two different methods to update the system:
**1. Bug & security fixes**

**1. Security and minor bugfixes are distributed using packages.** To update the system, run the following commands: ::
These updates are intended for minor updates and bugfixes.

    opkg update && opkg upgrade
Typically they are performed automatically, but at any time it is possible to check for new updates available by clicking on :guilabel:`Check for Fixes` button.
These updates do not require a restart of NethSecurity, they are tied to a specific version and distributed using packages.

The ``opkg update`` command updates the list of available packages, and the ``opkg upgrade`` command upgrades all of the installed packages to the latest versions.
**2. System updates** (switching to a different version)

**2. New features are released with new images.** To update the system to a new version with new features, download the new image file and run the following command: ::
These updates involve the transition to a new version of the firmware that introduces new features, improvements and a greater hardware support.

>   sysupgrade -v nethsecurity-<version>-x86-64-generic-squashfs-combined.img.gz

Reviewer: Are we sure we want to remove this information? It may be useful.

Author: might it be better to put it in the dev manual instead of this manual?
https://dev.nethsecurity.org

Reviewer: It's useful to users, not to developers.

Author: I have nothing against it

Updates
=======

NethSecurity allows two types of updates, both available from the ``Update`` section under the ``System`` menu.

**1. Bug & security fixes**

These updates are intended for minor updates and bugfixes.

> Typically they are performed automatically, but at any time it is possible to check for new updates available by clicking on :guilabel:`Check for Fixes` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Typically they could be performed automatically, but at any time it is possible to check for new updates available by clicking on :guilabel:`Check for Fixes` button.
```

**1. Bug & security fixes**

These updates are intended for minor updates and bugfixes.

Typically they are performed automatically, but at any time it is possible to check for new updates available by clicking on :guilabel:`Check for Fixes` button.
These updates do not require a restart of NethSecurity, they are tied to a specific version and distributed using packages.

**2. System updates** (switching to a different version)

These updates involve the transition to a new version of the firmware that introduces new features, improvements and wider hardware support.

This type of update will reboot the device (which will therefore not be reachable for a few dozen seconds) and then completely rewrites the firmware, preserving all the configurations.
However it is recommended to save a configuration backup before proceeding with the upgrade.

If a new version is available, the user interface will display an information banner and a dedicated button :guilabel:`Update System` that will allow you to perform the update.

Alternatively, it is always possible to manually upload a compatible image using the :guilabel:`Update with image file` button and proceed with the update.

> .. note:: You can also perform a ``System update`` from the command line.
> 
> To do this, simply save download the new image file (it is recommended to save it in /tmp) and run the following command: ::

Reviewer 2: The not block syntax was broken:

```suggestion
You can also perform a ``System update`` from the command line.
To do this, simply save download the new image file (it is recommended to save it in /tmp) and run the following command: ::
```
